v0.2.0 changelog, migration guide, and other small changes (#288)
TheBevyFlock/bevy_cli: bevy_lint/README.md

// Enable pedantic lints, which are off by default.
#![cfg_attr(bevy_lint, warn(bevy::pedantic))]

> // Deny panicking `World` and `Query` methods in this system when a non-panicking alternatives
> // exist.

Author: Oooo that's a good point, I forgot about `QueryState`! 😅

Since we will likely add support for other panicking methods in the future, let's make it more general.

```suggestion
// Deny panicking Bevy methods in this system when a non-panicking alternatives exist.
```
